[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: So,
let's talk about exercise one.
Here we started off with a var x = 2.
We can kinda see in the scope
of this program that's sorta
being used like a constant.
So, that's a place where you could make
the argument that it should be a const.
FN is definitely not gonna be
treated as a const in the sense
it's not gonna be treated as a constant
even though it might be reassigned.
We're gonna be adding to it, so I think it
would be super confusing to declare FN's
as a constant, and then later in the code
start adding to the contents of it, Okay.
You can, but I don't think you should.
So, that's why we're gonna go ahead and
declare fn is a var because we're telling
someone, hey this thing is gonna be
reused and I use a var instead of a let
again because FN's is gonna be used
across multiple scopes, all right.
Now in the previous example I had an iffy
in the only purpose of this iffy was so
that I could make another var x which
was sort of my constant in terms of
How high up to go.
And there would be a collision
there if there wasn't a scope.
Well, I can do that with
a block which I'm doing here.
Lines four through ten.
And again, I can use const here because
x is actually sort of being used as
a constant in that sense to tell
us what does Run the loop up to.
I'm going to do a for with a let keyword
because I know I've got closure involved
and I'm going to want to close
over an individual I for each oop.
I'm going to add these functions
if into the FNs array and
just simply close over that I variable.
>> Kyle Simpson: And
that preserves my test case.
I end up getting true.
Questions about exercise one?
Yes.
>> Speaker 2: A question from before but,
in a more broad sense.
Just another question about why ES linked
is starting to throw errors for var?
>> Kyle Simpson: [CROSSTALK] There's
a crowd of people that are under
the impression that light is the new
var and that var is a code smell.
So, now they have default lending rules
that tell you don't use a var under any
circumstances.
I just think that's
a bunch of nonsense but
there are some people that believe that.